Usage of exact option with *byRole queries (#1192)
testing-library/testing-library-docs: docs/queries/about.mdx

- `exact`: Defaults to `true`; matches full strings, case-sensitive. When false,
  matches substrings and is not case-sensitive.
  - `exact` has no effect on `regex` or `function` arguments.

>   - `exact` has no effect on accessible names specified via `name` option of `*byRole`
>     queries. You can use regex for fuzzy matching on accessible names.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `exact` has no effect on accessible names specified with the `name` option of `*byRole`
    queries. You can use a regex for fuzzy matching on accessible names.
```

Author: Thanks!
